COVID-19: India says not looking at evacuating diplomats from Iran 2 min read . Updated: 17 Mar 2020, 08:12 PM IST Elizabeth RocheIn Iran, the Coronavirus death toll is threatening to cross 1,000Home secretary Ajay Bhalla reviews India’s preparedness to contain the COVID-19 threat along borders with Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar TopicsCoronavirus outbreak COVID-19IranNEW DELHI : India is not looking at evacuating its diplomats from Iran, one of the main hotspots of the Coronavirus outbreak where the death toll was threatening to cross 1,000, a person familiar with the development said Tuesday.Separately, Indian officials did not confirm reports that more than 250 Indians in Iran – including students and pilgrims – had tested positive for COVID-19.Indian foreign minister S. Jaishankar had told Parliament earlier this month that there were about 6,000 Indian nationals in Iran. Since then, about 200 of them have returned to India after testing negative for SARS-CoV2 virus that causes COVID-19. All those who have come from Iran, one of the new frontlines of the COVID-19 outbreak, have, however, been placed in compulsory quarantine for two weeks.At a press briefing in New Delhi when asked about news reports that as many as 250 Indians in Iran had tested positive for COVID-19, Dammu Ravi, additional secretary and coordinator for COVID-19 in the Indian foreign ministry said given the widespread prevalence of the disease in Iran “it is quite possible" that there “could" be some positive cases.“But I cannot confirm to you if the list which is being circulated in the social media is correct. But be rest assured that our embassy in Iran is in touch with them and taking necessary steps to ensure their well-being. Once the list is confirmed and we have more information, we will inform and even the media will come to know about it."India has so far evacuated more than 1,400 Indians from COVID-19 hotspots like the epicenter of the outbreak ie the Chinese city of Wuhan, Japan, Iran and Italy. India has recorded three deaths in the country due to SARS-CoV2 with 137 people infected with the disease. Worldwide, more than 180,000 infections have been recorded in 155 countries with more than 7,000 deaths since December.Meanwhile, home secretary Ajay Bhalla reviewed measures in place and India’s preparedness to contain the COVID-19 threat along India’s borders with Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar. Bhalla held a video conference with chief secretaries or additional chief secretaries and director generals of police of states like Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar, West Bengal, Sikkim, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya, a statement from the home ministry said.State officials said that “regular screening is being done by doctors at various transit points and the community in border areas has been sensitized in respect of precautions to be taken to avoid getting infected by the virus, through gram sabhas," the statement said.“The HOME SECRETARY urged all the officials to ensure that round the clock deployment of doctors, with requisite testing kits and other medical supplies, be done so that hundred percent screening is done without fail," it added.